OfferFit Docs Launch (#9777)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/offerfit/sample_use_cases.md

> | Use Case                        | Buisness Goal                                                                                         | Using Typical Methods                                                                                                                                           | Using OfferFit by Braze                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use case                        | Business goal                                                                                         | Using typical methods                                                                                                                                           | Using OfferFit by Braze                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| **Referral**                    | Maximize new accounts opened through business credit card referrals from existing customers. | Fixed email sequence for all customers, with extensive A/B testing to determine the best sending times, cadence, etc. for the customer population.        | Automate experimentation to determine ideal email, creative, sending time, and credit card to offer specific customers.                                                                                                               |
| **Lead Nurturing & Conversion** | Drive incremental revenue and pay the right amount for each customer.                        | As privacy policies change at Facebook and other platforms, prior approaches to personalized paid ads become last effective.                              | Leverage robust first-party data to automatically experiment on customer segments, biding methodology, bid levels, and creative.                                                                                                      |

> | **Loyalty & Engagement**        | Maximize purchases by new enrollees in customer loyalty program.                             | Customers received fixed sequence of emails in response to their actions. For example, all new enrollees in the loyalty program receive the same journey. | Experiment automatically with different email offers, creative, sending time, and frequency to maximize purchase and repurchase for each customer.                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Loyalty & Engagement**        | Maximize purchases by new enrollees in a customer loyalty program.                             | Customers received a fixed sequence of emails in response to their actions. For example, all new enrollees in the loyalty program receive the same journey. | Experiment automatically with different email offers, sending times, and frequencies to maximize purchase and repurchase for each customer.                                                                                    |
```
removed the word "creatives" but feel free to re-insert! just wasn't sure what it meant (maybe customizations?)
